1) Other comment styles like multi-line comments (/* . . . */), javadoc comments (/** . . . */)
and single-line comments appearing in the middle of a line are not supported by s-Java .
Any appearance of such comments is illegal and should result in a printed value of 1.
2) Operators are not supported (int a = 3 - 5;, String b = "OO" + "P"; are illegal)
3)Similarly, arrays are not supported in s-Java .
4) name is any sequence (length > 0) of letters (uppercase or lowercase), digits and the underscore character ( ). name may not start with a digit. name may start with an underscore,
but in such a case it must contain at least one more character (i.e., ’ ’ is not a legal name).
5) A variable declaration must be encapsulated in a single line.
6) There may not be two global variables with the same name (regardless of their types).
7) However, a local variable can be defined with the same name as a global one (regardless
of their types)
8) Two local variables with the same name (regardless of their type) cannot be defined inside
the same block. This also applies to variables with the same name as a method parameter.
9) In case of multiple variables with the same name, a reference to that name refers to the
variable in the most specific scope
10) Any variable may be declared using the modifier final, which makes it a constant. Such
variables must be initialized with some value at declaration time: final int a = 5;. The
modifier should appear before the type of the variable, and not after. In other words, the
following is not allowed: int final a = 5;.
11) In other words, if a local variable is not initialized in
its declaration, the code is only legal if:
– The next line in which it appears is an assignment of a value to that variable.
– It is never used.
12)A variable a (global or local) can be assigned with another (global or local) variable b of the
same type. Additionally, a double can also be assigned with an int, and a boolean can
also be assigned with an int and a double
13) 5.2.3 is unclear to me